how's it going guys Kevin lezak here
with Kevin lisette fitness want to come
at you with a quick update video letting
you know how my weekend went out at the
Arnold expo at my first competition ever
today is Monday March fifth 2012 so as
you guys know I competed in the men's
physique division out there is my first
competition I just turned 20 years old
went out there didn't know what to
expect as I said my very first
competition didn't do as well as I
wanted to unfortunately but the guys who
did when completely deserved it they
look phenomenal you know they work
harder than anybody out there and they
deserved what they want so I'm give it
to them that wanted to say
congratulations to Josh the winter they
did an awesome job man you look great um
but there's always next year I'm going
to work twice as hard this time come
back at it next year and try to win next
year so you guys can follow me up on
that but anyway the expo was incredible
guys it was it was my first Expo ever
going to and I can't even explain how
awesome it was I met a lot of my idols
out there even though I want I was a
little bummed out about that but some
things happen that completely I was more
excited about that and even stepping on
stage with the Arnold which is pretty
crazy so I bet some of my idols here's a
Greg Plitt a guy really looked up to
here's the gift himself Phil Keith this
one I'll save for later um right here
guys frank zane mr. Oh back in the day
here's I he tatata yamagishi ty Greene
met him Scott Herman he's another dude
that I really look up to I don't know if
you guys know Nick Scott if you guys
follow his journey he's incredible he's
actually a paralyzed bodybuilder
paralyzed from the from the waist down
so you guys sure got a car accident long
time ago
overweight you guys can see his picture
right here see how is really overweight
gotten that car accident this one he
looks like now he's got an incredible
journey I really recommend you guys go
out there and check that out but um
here's one that was really important to
me really meant a lot really special and
Jamie Eason see as you um I posted up on
facebook i don't know if any of you guys
followed up on it but um Jamieson is the
spokesmodel for bodybuilding.com really
awesome person completely awesome Jamie
I hope you're watching this video so you
can see how much I really really
appreciate what you did even though it
might have not been that big of a deal
to you it really completely made my
weekend and actually made more than my
weekend i'm still really excited about
it i keep texting people and calling
people and telling people what you said
about up to me and what you did but for
you guys who don't know for you guys who
didn't see my facebook spam about it um
i waited two and a half hours in the
bodybuilding com and going up to the
booth so I could meet Jamie and the rest
of the body builders up there athletes
and just to be in the expo um so when I
got up there I met Jamie and it was
awesome she was an awesome girl really
nice and I got a picture with her and
she um she said as I got her picture she
was like you're really fit do you um do
you do modeling and I told her I was
actually about to go compete i was about
to go up on stage about in about two
hours for my first competition she's
like oh wow that's great you know that's
awesome and she was like you've been
wobbling and things like that and I was
like yeah and I told her about how I
work with some photographers down in
Florida and she actually knows the
photographer's I was working with it and
she's like you gotta go meet Dean you
gotta meet this guy in the back and so
she brought me into the back to meet a
manager for bodybuilding com and she was
said she's like you know you would be a
great week we need people like you we
need people who were stay fit and who
just have a great personality for
bodybuilding com things like that Mel's
like are you kidding this is awesome
like I was so excited this it was
incredible so I went back I met Dean he
was really nice guy gave me his card so
told me instead of my portfolio so I
don't know what's to come with that but
Jamie if you're watching you know maybe
you can help push it forward a little
bit help give me a little edge towards
bodybuilding com help make a a small
town small town boy hit one of his
dreams actually that would me
considering saying that I made it the
kind of
that's just incredible out even though i
can't even just explain how excited to
him about this so Jamie thank you so
much even though if you don't even think
that you did that much for me by sending
me in the back like that that was
incredible out of 175,000 people there I
don't know what it was about me that
stood out towards you that unless you
did it to other people too but as far as
I know you did it maybe though but you
sent me into the back meet Dean that's
just that is awesome to me I was
instantly texting on my friends and
calling my mom calling my dad just
bragging about it and saying jamieson
just sent me in the back said I was
looked awesome and one whining a model
for bodybuilding com and then I hit up
Jamie on the Facebook told her spank you
after she posted the picture and she
said that she was she thinks she's
pretty good at spotting out the good
ones with a little winky face but anyway
guys incredible weekend awesome time
this Jamie Eason stuffers I'm so excited
about that I got stopped talking about
it those videos getting too long but
another thing at the expo I got this
huge bag is bodybuilding com bag full of
supplements guys it's just full of all
these test products protein bars I got
some muscletech hydroxy stem on some pre
workout you guys can see this thing is
completely packed full of stuff it's
there's a little here let me show you
guys real quick this stuff is completely
packed full there's so much in there so
for you guys to um you guys who follow
up on my channel keep following up on it
i'm gonna give since that stuff was all
giving away to me you know what I gotta
give it away you guys it's only right
right you know so I'll have a lot of
videos coming up contest videos just
give away videos and everything like
that you guys are going to get all this
stuff so I'm definitely tune into the
channel watch my videos that I post up
to you guys this chance to get all this
stuff sent to you for free so that's
about it guys besides that I got a
contest coming up in four weeks gonna go
with this one it's the MPC um men's
physique competition in Tribeca New York
so if you guys want to go to that's
March 31st I'm not sure what time yet
but i'll be doing that for weeks out now
going in crazy just got my diet going
and that's about it guys so until then
have a good one
Jamie add me on Facebook help me get to
bodybuilding com please